Add jsonb indexing for kind, name, and namespace (#28)
stolostron/search-indexer: benchmark.md

# Indexer Benchmarks

> 

Reviewer: Add a quick summary at the top, for example.

**TL/TR:** Indexing jsonb data is more efficient than adding new columns to the table schema.

Reviewer: Actually, if we are planning to use this doc for all the benchmark lessons, we can do like a table of contents. 
Summarize the lesson in 1 line and add a link to the detailed section.

## Indexing

>   We wanted to compare whether removing keys originally stored in the json data column from the resources table and creating columns for each of the keys would be more efficient than keeping them inside and applying jsonb indexing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We compared whether removing keys originally stored in the json data column from the resources table and creating columns for each of the keys would be more efficient than keeping them inside and applying jsonb indexing. 
```
